I'm Chris services Matt longer cattle TV
where the Florida faster shown kissimmee
florida we got our 8th class winners
here in the Florida faster show in the
ring class one is Quinn Carter class 2
is Sarah Davis class 3 is Michaela a
class for Michaela econ class 5
Kagan long class 6 Alyssa hodge class 7
Clayton Brock the black and white steer
and then class 8 morgan johnson our
judge mr. Eric bilderback is in the ring
he's from El Reno Oklahoma he's done a
nice job today here in the Florida
faster show evaluating these cattle
early appreciate his job as he just said
let's get all these zippers a big round
of applause and they certainly deserve
it they've done a really nice job
putting on this show and bringing some
really stout cattle here to be exhibited
but as I said in our earlier coverage i
think it's going to come down to
probably class four five six and seven
to be contenders i'd like to thank all
of our sponsors are supreme sponsor for
the florida fat steer and open the world
show show live tease check out show live
tease and all of our corporate sponsors
matt lautner cattle executive sires in
fat steer calm our judge is currently
as appears to be making some final
comments on this finalizing these
comments about each class winner real
quick here he's currently talking about
class t champion which is a really
attractive steer got some style and
balance just need some more weight per
day of age and time on feed once again
here's class three he's a really
attractive and striking steer just needs
some time as our judgments alluded to it
needs some more maturity and some more
development that lower one-third his rib
cage next to me class for cash shown by
michaela a once again the steer I
believe was our class to champion at the
Louisville steer show earlier this fall
to North America International Livestock
exposition really attracted steer just
probably needs to be powered up a touch
from shoulders back needs to be opened
up there any skeleton a little more with
a dimension but that is a really
impressive calf from the side view
profile let's get that captioned by
michaela a next is class five shown
by Kagan long as he said a little bit
different a little more moderate little
be more compact but super big bodied
really powerful in style judge said he's
really Mick back the big top a lot of
shape and dimension and he said that he
really appreciates as you watch such
steer get out move he comes to you and
leaves you with lots of width and he
said he'd like to just make him a little
bigger footed bigger boned as compared
to some of his counterpart class winners
that's a really powerful count of calf
at super complete next to me class six
one of the contenders at least in my
mind that's probably the biggest bone
biggest outline heaviest constructed
calf but as you said gets a little bit
concerning on his feet and legs gets
boat on the right rear got just a touch
of chest but really stout powerful
County calf
very highly presented kegs are black and
white when Sheila Clayton Brock as a
judge said he's the coolest anita's most
balanced ear in the lineup said he
really appreciates his style and the
look he really appreciates how big top
in style he is he said he's got a lot of
width and stopping us all the way
through the rear every skeleton as he
said the one question about the calf is
he soft enough form as he deep enough
length but certainly a very adequate is
he just alluded to on the mic as far as
his rib design is concerned and the next
is our class eight championship I morgan
johnson early complete and powerful calf
just giving up a little bit of freshness
and youthfulness about his appearance
weighing up third 1390 1379 pounds or a
judge has completed his comments he's
getting back out here probably make one
final circle around the ring as we said
we've got a great lineup out here we've
got at least in my mind for major
contenders class four five six and seven
I think it comes down to those four
steers and if you want to get really
nitpicky it's going to come down to
class six and seven the Hajj steer and
the Brock calf will they take the bigger
bone and bigger footage dear Melissa
haja will we take the more fresh and
attractive steer of Brock it will be
really really close here I think between
six and seven he'll give all eight one
more look but it's going to come down to
those two it'll be either class 6 in my
opinion or class 7 to be your champion
it's going to be awful close here he's
looking at the side view profile of the
flight and Brock steer as he said that
one hits you super hard from the side
just really long spine early up headed
long neck clean chested early level in
his lines as he said does he have enough
body that'll be the question as compared
to the Hajj steer
that certainly bigger bodied and more
capacious and softer middle but i think
it's easily seen from this angle that
the hajj dear if we get back over there
to class six he's got a little more
chest a little thicker necked not quite
as stylish as the brock steer but he's
moving towards class seven is that the
way he's going to go he's giving him one
more look and yes it's going to be
clayton rock to be your grand champion
steer at the florida fat steer show I
really stop money shots dear sold by
myself Krista imbecile Holly pod from
Mineral Point Wisconsin so
congratulations the Clayton and company
a really really good steer I'm really
glad that we were able to get that one
across he looks really really good so
congratulations to Clayton Brock
back-to-back champion here at the
Florida spot steer show he won it last
year and he wins it again this year so
he's keeping the streak alive
congratulations to Clayton Brock without
really really powerful money shots dear
another lautner champion here at the
Florida fats to show a heat wave wins it
last year this should be a money shot
congratulations that's a really really
good calf and as we said that one was
sold by myself and Holly pode really
really good one congratulations to
Clayton Brock they really deserve it
that's a good one coming in contention
out of class seven is steer shown by
Candice lad it's a really big bodied red
calf that certainly could be a contender
our judges back over here handling class
five championship I michaela a and
now he's moving back towards class five
champion shown by Kagan Kagan along well
and it's going to be a list of Hajj the
Reserve grand champion congratulations
the two steers that I suspect it will be
in the hunt class 64 reserve
congratulations soul in sahaja Reserve
grand champion steer at the Florida fast
air show we've got three holes left to
pick it's going to be mckaela a for
third overall the young lady there in
the orange with a steer that was class
to champion at the Louisville North
American show early November
congratulations to Michaela
and then I believe he's going to go out
here and select fourth and fifth overall
so as at this point our top three is
Clayton Brock Alyssa Hodge and Michaela
a we're going to pick our final top
two fourth and fifth coming calf coming
to the ring now for contention is out of
class number believe our class five
steer that was excuse me class six was a
little bit late coming to the party he
would be coming behind the reserved
steer he just made it out here now shown
by Ridge Carter judge is going to give
him here one more look I believe or
before he makes his selection he may
have backed up here on third he may not
have finalized third nope he going to go
ahead and do it taking along a bigger
kick
well I guess you made a mistake there
it's taking long for third I think that
I thought they picked Michaela a
but believe they made a mistake there so
it's Kagan long for third overall so now
we're picking fourth and fifth overall
coming back as Peter Klein from classify
the second place dear should be coming
here momentarily
as we're waiting for that class five
second placed here to come back and see
our judge looking at the a after
once again and looks like that calf is a
little bit behind our judges once again
is looking at that a steer that I
suspected was third overall I thought I
said he slapped him but I guess I made a
mistake there but I wouldn't be
surprised he goes in that direction for
fourth we see Peter Klein coming here
right now and he'll be coming out here
for his opportunity to be fourth overall
he was coming out of class five